Requirement number 3 is for the passengers.
Now, passengers may pay up to one ether for purchasing flight insurance,
so they're not required to pay one ether,
they may pay any amount up to that amount.
So essentially, what we are going to do is have a cap in
the project for the amount that a passenger may invest.
The flight numbers and timestamps for the purpose of
this project can be fixed and defined in your Dapp client.
We could potentially have this use real-time data from airline APIs,
etc., but in our research,
we found out that those are generally premium services,
and their free offerings are very limited for only usually seven days.
So it would be very difficult for you to use that in development,
so we opted to make it a simulation.
So essentially, in your Dapp client,
you can define some arbitrary flag numbers and timestamps,
and we can have the users select those for purchasing insurance.
Now, if the flight is delayed due to airline fault,
the passenger receives a credit of 1.5 times the amount they paid.
As I mentioned earlier,
that's an arbitrary amount,
but for the purpose of the smart contract,
we'll have that as a constant.
Now, you can certainly go for a scenario where you can have an authorized user,
go through authorized users rather,
go through multiparty consensus and change that amount,
you could also build some smart logic to make
that variable based upon the amount of
funding that is still available in the smart contract.
But in terms of the core requirement,
if you just make it 1.5x, you're good to go.
The other final requirement for passengers is that when the funds are transferred,
if an airline is delayed,
the passenger does not actually get the funds in their wallet,
it accumulates in their account in the smart contract,
and they have to initiate a withdrawal,
at which point they will be able to get the funds.
This is the point where you will want to think very carefully about
the debit before credit scenario that we discussed in a prior lesson.